Listen, before I start the message today, I want to talk a little bit about Iran.
People call it Iran.
I live there.
It's called Iran and Tehran.
And because there's so much going on, I got a text yesterday that, hey, what do you think about all these people getting online and saying, Jesus, come back in a few days.
And I tell you what I think about it.
I don't think about it at all.
Because it's not true.
And people say, well, we shouldn't be bombing them.
They're really
a rogue nation.
And I think they bombed Dubai, President Trump's not messing around, and we're bombing them.
And let me tell you something, folks.
There's so much rhetoric and lying going on about Islam and the Muslim religion.
I'm not saying every Muslim is bad, but what they believe is very bad.
The Quran teaches a whole different set of values than ours.
They don't like our values.
They like Sharia law.
And we cannot buy into that.
We cannot buy into the good people.
They want to take over the world and you and I are infidels.
We're the unbelievers and they'll kill you or you become a demi status in religion.
It's not like Christianity where you have freedom.
You have no freedoms in a country like Iran or Iraq and some of those Middle East countries.
You do what you're told, and it's real law, it's horrific, and it goes against everything we believe as a country in America.
But let me talk a little bit about what's happening and that we need to understand from the words of Jesus himself, Matthew 24, verse 6, and you will hear of wars and threats of wars.
But don't panic.
Yes, these things must take place.
But the end won't follow immediately.
So all these people that you've watched on social media, they're saying, yeah, the Jesus come back in a few days.
Jesus come back in a week.
They don't know and it's a lie.
We're going to hear about this stuff for a long time to come.
And Jesus will come back when he comes.
And our only responsibility is to be ready when he does.
That's it.
I don't ever think about when he's coming back.
There are times in my life when I would come back right now.
But other than that, I don't think about it.
People are always trying to predict it.
In 1984, Jesus is coming back and He never did.
In the year 2000, Jesus is coming back and He never did.
And the blood moons were happening.
Jesus come back and He never did.
We will never know the day or the hour.
Never.
Matthew 24, verse 36, however, these are the words of Jesus, not made up Himself.
How do you know it's His words?
Because it's in red.
All right.
He says, however, no one knows the day or hour when these things will happen.
Not even the angels in heaven or the Son Himself.
Only the Father knows.
When Jesus comes back, only the Father knows.
We will never know.
They'll be predicting and predicting, but we're not supposed to predict.
We're just supposed to get ready.
And you got to get your souls ready and your spirits ready.
So if Jesus came back right now, you'd be ready to go.
You'd go up instead of down.
Come on.
This is the one time when you want to go up high and not down low.
But think about it, folks.
Don't get caught up with this.
Pray for our country, pray for our leaders.
But Trump took out a bunch of bad people the other day.
The Ayatollah.
The Ayatollah took over not long after my family and I.
We moved out of Iran.
My dad was stationed there.
I lived there.
And when he came in, it was a whole different country.
Women are treated as second-class citizens, if that.
You have no rights.
That's why you gotta cover yourself.
You don't see your eyes.
You can't back-talk your husbands.
Come on.
In America, you can, but in Iran, they're told to slap you or beat you.
They so demean women that unless you were raped by four men, you weren't raped.
We don't understand Sharia law.
I understand a little bit of it because I lived there and had to learn some of it.
But it's not healthy.
It's not what you grew up with.
We can say, well, I love Islam.
Well, then go love it somewhere else.
Because it's a false religion.
Allah is not a God.
Only God is God.
And you and I have to stay stable.
Don't get caught up with it.
Quit watching YouTube preachers or people are saying, he's coming back tomorrow.
And all the points to this, it may, a lot of prophecies are being fulfilled, but folks, let's just keep serving God every day of our lives until He comes.
Can we do that?
Okay.
We're in a series that we titled, Out of Nowhere.
The time of this message is, the sin no one saw.
Last week we talked about Rahab.
This week, we're going to talk about a guy named Aiken, what he did, how things happen.
We start in Joshua 6, last week, Joshua 6 is loud.
Walls fall, trumpets blast, people shout, God shows up strong.
It is one of the greatest victory chapters in the whole Bible.
And then Joshua 7 happens.
It's very quiet.
It's even heavy and dark.
See, victory turns into funerals.
Celebration turns into fear, and it happens out of nowhere or feels like it does.
So they were rejoicing, and Joshua 6, the walls came down, God moved supernaturally, they were on a high, they were strengthened, they were confident.
And then out of nowhere, victory turns into funerals.
Celebration turns into fear.
Joshua 7-1.
But Israel violated the instructions about the things set apart for the Lord.
Amen, they make it.
had stolen some of these dedicated things, so the Lord was very angry with the Israelites.
Notice, he didn't say it was angry with Aiken.
He was angry with the whole tribe, with the whole group of people.
Aiken was the son of Carmi, a descendant of Zimray, as son of Zera of the tribe of Judah.
See, Jericho was public victory.
Aiken was private compromise.
The enemy does not have to attack you from the outside if he can corrupt you on the inside.
And then Joshua 7 verses 2 through 5.
Joshua sent some of his men from Jericho to spy out the town of Aai, Aai, east of Bethel near Bethel.
When they returned, they told Joshua, there is no need for all of us to go up there.
It will not take more than 2 or 3,000 men to attack Aai
since there are so few of them, do not make all the people struggle to go up there.
So approximately 3,000 warriors were sent, but they were soundly defeated.
The men of AI chased Israelites from the town gate as far as the quarries, and they killed about 36 who were retreating down the slope.
The Israelites were paralyzed with fear at this turn of events, and their courage melted away.
One chapter, great victory, we're confident.
We can go up to AI.
There's not many.
We can go kill them.
This is a small outpost.
They send about 3,000 men and they get soundly defeated and 36 men are killed.
Just remember that.
They were killed.
36 men.
36 families are grieving.
And the Bible says their courage melted away.
They just watched walls fall.
Now they are running in fear.
Victory evaporates because of what one man buried under his tent.
Joshua falls on his face before God.
And listen carefully what God says.
Joshua 7 verse 11.
Israel has sinned and broken my covenant.
They have stolen some of the things that I commanded must be set apart for me.
And they have not only stolen them,
but have lied about it and hidden the things among their own belongings.
God does not say, Aiken has sinned.
He says, the whole country of Israel has sinned.
Why?
Because they were one body.
Everybody say one body.
When one part is infected, the whole body weakens.
If your big toe hurts you, your whole body, you're like, oh man, your whole body hurts.
Come on.
When your back is hurting, my back hurts a lot.
Sometimes I get up in the morning and say, come on, pain, let's go.
But it hurts your whole body.
How many of you get paper cuts?
How many I like those?
I hate them more than anything because they're just like they shouldn't hurt that much.
And you can't touch things.
You got to put a stink and band it on because it keeps bleeding.
But it affects everything you do.
When one part of your body is messed up,
It affects every other part of your body.
Come on.
It's the same way with the body of Christ.
It's the same way with the children of Israel.
One guy messed up, but it affected the whole nation.
Listen to this, 1 Corinthians 12, verses 23, 26.
Yes, there are many parts, but only one body.
Many parts, but one body.
The eye can never say to the hand, I don't need you.
The eye needs the hand.
The hand needs the eye.
Come on.
I mean, I'm the eye.
I don't need your hand yet.
You've got to see and be able to do things.
I don't need you.
The head can't say to the feet, I don't need you.
In fact, some parts of the body that seem weakest and least important are actually the most necessary.
And the parts we regard as less honorable are those we clothe with the greatest care.
Everybody say amen or amen.
Come on.
So we carefully protect those parts that should not be seen, while the more honorable parts do not require this special care.
So God has put the body together such that extra honor and care are given to those parts that have less dignity.
This makes for harmony among the members so that all the members care for each other.
If one part suffers, all the parts suffer with it.
If one part is honored, all the parts are glad.
That's what the Bible says.
Israel was one body, we're one body.
When we're all doing our part, we're healthy and strong.
When someone doesn't do their part, we're a little weaker.
That's just the way it works.
It's like a football team.
See, Aiken committed a covenant sin.
They were in covenant and God commanded that nothing from Jericho be taken, that it would all go into his treasury.
It's all God's stuff.
It's like your money.
We have money.
and the tide is all God's stuff, but yet more than not withhold it from Him and think we're okay.
And so if you look at a football team, they're playing a game, they run a play, the quarterback's back to pass, if one offensive lineman ignores the play or misses his assignment, the quarterback gets sacked, guess who suffers, the whole team.
The receivers didn't mess up,
The running backs didn't mess up.
All the other linemen didn't mess up, but it affects us all.
It's the same way with Aiken.
Because he had a covenant, he messed up and it cost them 36 lives.
Let me speak to leaders for a moment, dads, moms, business owners, ministers.
Let me just say this.
Leadership carries weight, whether it's in your home, in your business, when you go to work, leadership carries weight.
What we tolerate in secret eventually weakens what we are leading in public.
You're gonna have a strong platform.
You're gonna have a strong home, whatever your platform is, and a weak private life, and eventually the weak private life will collapse the strong platform.
It's like people come to church,
Say you love God, you can do that.
Your kids get in the car and then you question them, what'd you learn, what'd you learn, what'd you learn?
And then if they don't know or they don't say anything, then, oh, you didn't learn anything.
You said, oh, we're getting a car after church and yelling, scream at them.
Or yelling, screaming at each other.
Or yelling, screaming at each other in the parking lot.
We just ruined our witness.
You weaken your platform.
And I watch parents do this to kids.
They're tough on them.
A lot of them aren't, but some of us are, and we got to learn to control that.
We got to let them love God.
Love the church.
We want them to come back.
We don't want to think every time we go to church, it's a mess and a fight, and we get mad at each other.
Come on.
And I know how the enemy works, because I bet some of you couples in here were doing great until you got in the car to come to church.
Someone said something, and you didn't like it, and you're like, what did you just say?
Well, you heard what I said.
You better not say that again.
And you come into church, oh man, then you start worshiping.
Then eventually you like hold each other's hands or something.
Because you know, man, I got to get this right.
But that's how the enemy works.
So you have a flat tire like, oh, things happen, but we can't let them get to us.
See, sin never stays contained.
Joshua 7, verse 20 and 21.
Aiken replied, it is true I have sinned against the Lord, the God of Israel.
Among the plunder, I saw a beautiful robe from Babylon, 200 silver coins and a barbed gold weighing more than a pound.
I wanted them so much that I took them.
They are hidden in the ground beneath my tent and the silver buried deeper than the rest.
Here's what he did.
I saw, I wanted, I took, I hid.
That is the anatomy of sin.
It starts in the eyes, it moves to desire, becomes action, then it gets buried.
And I promise you, he told himself, it's just a small thing with everything here.
God won't notice.
It's just a robe, it's just some silver, it's just some gold.
No one will ever know.
But Joshua 619 was clear.
Everything made, God said, everything made from silver, gold, bronze, or iron, is sacred to the Lord and must be brought into
his treasury.
This was not random plunder.
It belonged to God.
Now here is the part that is heavy.
And we cannot soften it because the Bible does not soften it.
Are you ready?
Joshua 7 verses 24 through 26.
Then Joshua and all the Israelites took Aiken.
The silver, the robe, the barbed gold, his sons, his daughters, his cattle, donkey, sheep, his tent, and everything he had brought to them to the valley of Acor.
Then Joshua said to Aiken, why have you brought trouble on us?
The Lord will now bring trouble on you.
In all the Israelites, stone Aiken and his family and burned their bodies.
They piled a great heap of stones over Aiken, which remains to this day.
That is why the place has been called the valley of trouble ever since.
So the Lord was no longer angry.
And we can say, God, that's cold blood.
All they did was steal those some, but 36 men died.
It cost them.
It cost them defeat.
It cost their courage, their confidence, and they had no understanding why.
God brought us here because one man took something that he shouldn't have taken.
One man violated the covenant.
One.
It is sobering.
The valley of acre means trouble.
The Hebrew word for a car means to trouble, to bring disaster.
Sin promises pleasure, but it delivers trouble.
And notice something else.
The stolen items were buried under his tent.
His family would have known they were complicit.
He said, why'd they get his family?
Because they were complicit.
Silence became participation.
Sin rarely stays isolated, it spreads.
And listen to this from Jesus, Luke 12 verses two and three.
The time is coming when that, when everything that is covered up will be revealed and all that is secret will be made known to all.
What's he talking about?
Whatever you have said in the dark will be heard in the light and whatever you've whispered behind closed doors will be shouted from the housetops for all to hear.
You get to choose, now I want you to hear this, you get to choose the light of confession
or the light of exposure, but it is coming into the light.
Joshua 719, then Joshua said, they can, my son, give glory to the God of Israel by telling the truth.
Make your confession and tell me what you have done.
Do not hide it from me.
Joshua says, my son, which means even in confrontation, he was kind.
Giving glory to God by telling the truth.
Confession glorifies God because it agrees with him.
God is not trying to shame you, He is trying to free you.
Under the old covenant, exposure meant judgment.
But under the new covenant, exposure means mercy, grace and mercy.
First John 1 9, where I've talked about a bunch.
If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
God is faithful, God is just.
And when you listen to all this rhetoric of the world,
and you hear social justice and all the other justices, then it's no longer just because what they're saying is, someone wins and someone loses.
Under God, when he's just, we either all win or we all lose.
It doesn't matter who you are.
It doesn't matter what color you are.
It doesn't matter how much money you have or don't have.
It doesn't matter where you're from.
When God is just, he's the same for everybody.
All the other stuff is not just at all.
and we buy into it.
He forgives and he cleanses.
Hosea 215.
I'll return her vineyards to her and transform the valley of trouble into a gateway of hope.
She will give herself to me there as she did long ago when she was young, when I freed her from the captivity, just talking about the nation of Israel.
The valley of trouble becomes a door of hope.
How?
Because what happened to Aiken points toward
are forward to what would happen to Jesus.
Isaiah 53-5, but he was pierced for our rebellion, crushed for our sins.
He was beaten so we could be whole.
He was whipped so we could be healed.
The wrath that fell in Joshua 7 falls fully on Christ at the cross today.
Romans 8-1, so now there's no condemnation
For those who belong to Christ Jesus, that does not make sense small, it makes grace massive.
There's no condemnation.
When God's word comes to you and it convicts your heart, it's not the condemnus to free you.
And when we talk about confession, we're not talking about the other people.
Not talking about a priest, it's talking about the hymn.
When you confess your sin to him, it brings it into the light and he'll forgive you every time.
And be careful to confess to it before people.
Because they can be great and you get mad at each other, relationship breaks, then they start talking.
I've watched this with people telling people certain things and then they actually know, hey, did you know this?
Don't tell anybody.
This is, don't, don't, don't do it.
There may be people in your life that you know you can count on.
That you could tell anything to.
You could talk about anything.
And they know you and they're good and they help us.
They don't hurt us.
But confession comes to God because when we confess our sins to Him, we're recognized and we're accountable to Him.
And He is our God.
You have a pastor, I have to confess a lot.
You're only confessing what he already knows.
It's not like you're surprising Him.
Like I can't believe that guy did that.
I can't believe that lady did that.
I can't believe they talked that way.
You're not surprising God.
You're just confessing to what he already knows you did because you're showing your accountable.
You're showing, you're my God and don't like it.
Forgiveness is from you.
And there's no penance to forgiveness.
You can't go out and run three miles and get, you know, forgive.
I'm going to do penance.
I'm going to run three miles or whip yourself.
There's no, there's no, the Bible doesn't talk about penance at all.
It talks about restoration.
That's totally different.
You can't confess your sins to a priest and think you're forgiven.
I wouldn't say 10 of those and 12 of that.
It doesn't mean anything.
You confess your sin to God because He's the only one that can forgive sin.
There is nobody else that can forgive sin.
Nobody.
Only Him.
And the reason He forgives our sin is because Jesus paid a high price on the cross for all of us.
He nailed our sins to the cross.
He said, I know you're going to blow it.
God knows you're going to blow it.
God knows what you were brought up in.
God knows what kind of life you were led to live.
God knows all these things.
And when he comes into your world, he wants to save you from those things.
He wants to heal you from those things.
He wants to give you a new life, a new platform, a new journey to walk on.
But you and I have to submit to him.
Does it mean you're perfect?
Nobody's perfect.
Even people who think they're perfect, they're some of the worst.
Because they have no compassion for anybody, because they're so great.
And that's religion, and that leaves hope for nobody.
But when you have a relationship with God, He gives hope to everybody.
The valley of trouble becomes the place of hope.
Because of what Jesus did, we have hope.
You can be forgiven, you sit in the past, you don't know what identity doesn't matter.
God knows, and He still says, He'll forgive you.
You can't find a list of things God won't forgive.
There's only one thing I believe God won't forgive, that if you don't accept Jesus as your Lord and Savior, you are going to hell.
You will not pass go, you will not collect $200.
You'll go straight there.
Because people get born again and they feel like they've committed the unpardonable sin, but they don't even know what it is.
I've never heard a great explanation on what it is.
But I believe, my belief, is that the only sin he can't forgive is the one where you never repent and you never ask Jesus to be Lord of your life.
That doomed you for eternity.
And when you ask Him to be Lord of your life, you've got a purpose to follow Him.
Will you make mistakes?
Yes.
Will you still sin?
Will you stumble?
Yes.
Will sometimes you have to crawl?
But you will pick up that cross.
The Bible says then follow Him.
Even when you're stumbling, you're crawling, you keep carrying your cross.
The good, the bad, and the ugly, and life.
And we just keep moving forward.
But Pastor, I've made lots of mistakes.
Guess what?
Everybody in this room, everybody in this world has made lots of mistakes.
Yeah, but theirs is not as bad as mine.
They're still the same.
Sin is sin to the eyes of God.
And he forgave it all.
That's why there's no condemnation.
Well, I don't feel worthy enough.
I don't feel good enough.
I know we feel this way, but it's not reality.
The truth is once you've made Jesus, Lord of your life, He gives you a gift of salvation.
Not by works, lest any man should boast.
He gives you the gift of salvation that you don't deserve.
We can't earn.
He just gives it to us.
So when we're over there rehearsing all the things we've done, God is just up there like I could see him like this tapping his foot.
Are you done?
Are you finished?
Oh, you want to keep going?
Yeah, keep going, go find the devil more.
Come on, I'm just listening.
And he says, don't you get it?
My grace is bigger than anything you could have ever done.
He doesn't want any of us to perish.
become to everlasting life.
That's the God we serve.
That's only true God.
That's only real God.
Full of love and mercy and grace.
So receive it and accept it.
Quit talking yourself out of serving God.
Colossians 2.14 says, he canceled the record of the charges against us and took it away by nailing it to the cross.
That means everything.
There's not everything except.
It's just everything.
Aiken buried his sin under his tent.
Jesus brought our sin into the open and nailed it to the cross.
Hidden sin isolates, confess sin heals.
You are only as healthy as what you are willing to bring into the light.
God, I blew it.
God, I messed up.
God, I said this.
God, I did it.
Please forgive me.
And he says, I got you.
Hebrews 4, 16.
Listen to this.
I want everybody to listen to this.
So let us come sheepish.
Week.
Let us come and shame and condemnation and oh, whoa with me.
No.
It says, come boldly to the throne of our gracious God.
There we will receive His mercy and we'll find grace to help us when we need it most.
We come boldly, not arrogantly, not cocky, not like, hey, bro.
Hey, Lord.
Hey, hey, dude.
We come home to God, thank you for receiving me, not because of what I did, because of what Jesus did.
Thank you for allowing me to confess my sin before you, so that I can be healing in my life and healing in my being.
And God, I'm recognizing the whole time that you're the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
We can't take what God said, don't take and be okay.
And some of us, it's not that things
We're doing it to things we're not doing that we should do that becomes the issue.
So don't wait for exposure, choose confession.
Because in Christ, the valley of trouble can become the door of hope.
Out of nowhere, grace saved Rahab.
Out of nowhere, judgment exposed Aiken.
Out of nowhere, Jesus absorbed what we deserved.
Bring it to the light.
Here's what I wanna leave you with.
Freedom is always found where sin is confessed.
And it's not time I confess to everybody else.
It's time that you and God confessing your sin to Him.
You can confess to the people.
I've had people do that.
But no one knows why.
They've confessed it and then we prayed that God would forgive them.
I can't forgive them.
They just wanted to get it off themselves, I guess.
But you can go directly to God.
You can go directly to His throne room.
Not because you earned it, but because Jesus paid a price so you could come there.
And God will forgive you every single time.
Thank God we serve the God of another chance.
Another chance.
How many in here have needed another chance?
That's the God you serve.
So let's, if you did something, bring it into the light.
Don't hold it.
Don't let it fester.
Say, God, I blew this.
God, I'm sorry.
God, please forgive me.
I'm going to work on it.
And can I say this as I close?
Some of us are new in the faith and we got saved recently or made a commitment to the Lord or recommitted our lives recently.
And you're growing, you're learning.
So keep growing and learning.
And some things tend to fall off us quickly when we get saved and born again.
I don't know how God chooses how it works.
Some things fall off us quickly and some things we have to fight the good fight of faith.
We have to work at it.
So don't get down on yourself if you're working at it.
God, I've tried so hard and I've done this.
I've had so many alcoholics, drug addicts over the years.
I was doing good for six months, but I blew it yesterday.
And they're in church on Sunday.
I always look and say, so what are you gonna do?
I don't know what to do.
And I say, here's what I know what to do.
You just start over.
You made it six months.
The next time you maybe make it a year.
And then after that, you make it two years.
And the next thing you know, you're not even fighting that fight anymore.
It may take time, but you don't give up on yourself.
You don't give up on yourself while you're in the process of being molded and grown.
He's the potter, we're the clay.
Don't give up on yourself, because he'll never give up on you.
Don't quit because you feel like, man, I messed up.
I did this.
I shouldn't have did.
Everybody messes up.
Everybody does something they shouldn't have done.
Everybody says something they shouldn't have said.
Every one of us loses our temper when we shouldn't lose our temper.
Everybody has done something, but we have an advocate.
Jesus paid a high price for our sin.
We just have to learn to say, God, I did it.
You know I did it.
I'm sorry.
Please help me.
And he will help you from that day on.
But if you're a work in progress, how many are work in progress?
Yeah.
Then don't quit on the work.
And don't quit on the potter who's molding the clay.
One day you'll look back and think, man, I've come a long ways.
Not perfect, but I'm better.
That's all God wants.
Father in Jesus' name, I thank you for your grace and mercy.
I do pray, Father, that people at ears to hear what you're saying, speaking right to them that we
We won't live in condemnation.
We won't live in shame.
We'll know to come to you and confess our sins.
And God, you'll always forgive us.
That's the great thing about you.
And not only will you forgive us, you'll forget them.
You throw them as far as the east is from the west and to the sea of forgiveness.
And you said, I remember it no more.
Thank you for that.
So when we stand before you, all these things won't come up again because they've already been forgiven.
It's just those who unwilling to confess, unwilling to yield, unwilling to come to you.
Those are the ones that will experience true judgment.
Because we're judging ourselves right now.
We thank you, God, for never leaving us nor forsaking us, never abandoning us or rejecting us.
Thank you for never giving up on us.
And I pray, God, that none of us will ever give up on you.
You're worthy to serve your
worthy of honor and praise and glory because you're so good to us and gracious.
We thank your Father for your many, many blessings and your help and our time of need in Jesus' name.
If you're here with every head bowed, just for the next few moments, and you say, Pastor Steve, would you pray for me?
I walked with Jesus, but I walked away.
For whatever reason, it doesn't matter whether reason, but I'm coming home today.
Pastor, would you pray with me?
I've never asked Jesus to be Lord of my life.
I prayed prayers.
I've had people tell me I've been the altar 20 times and nothing happened.
That's because they're praying to get saved, not praying to ask Jesus to be Lord of their life.
They want salvation without accountability.
They don't want to go to hell, but they don't want to serve God either.
When you make him Lord, he becomes the leader and we become the follower.
Well, how do you know where he's leading us?
According to the Scriptures, that's what we look at.
If you're any one of those two spiritual conditions, you say, Pastor Steve, would you include me in your prayer?
I want to get it right.
I want God's forgiveness.
And Pastor Steve, I'm ready to ask Jesus to be Lord of my life.
If that's you and Jesus' name right where you see it, all over this place, what I'm gonna ask you to do in a moment is very simple, but it's really profound.
The Bible says if we confess Jesus before man, he'll confess us before our Father in Heaven.
When you look up that word, it means acknowledgement.
So if you're willing to acknowledge Jesus now,
In front of these folks, Jesus will acknowledge you in heaven.
And I'm not even going to ask you to get up out of your seat.
But if that's you and you say, preach to including your prayer, are you ready?
God, I just want you in my life.
I don't care what anybody else knows or thinks.
If that's you and Jesus' name right where you're seated and you say, preach your passage to even including your prayer, would you just lift your hand all over this place and say that's me.
God bless you.
God bless you over here.
God bless you, sir.
I see your hand.
God bless you up there.
Thank you.
So many.
Why?
Because your experience, thank you.
God bless you.
Because your experience, God's true love and his nature.
He's not trying to beat you up.
He's trying to help you up.
He's not trying to condemn you or shame you.
He's just trying to get you to come to him so he can help you.
I'm going to look across the top one more time.
So many of them already lift their hands.
And I'm going to look across one more time.
Is there anybody else up there?
Thank you, God bless you, God bless you, God bless you, God bless you.
Thank you, God bless you, God bless you.
Man, God bless you.
Only God can do this.
God bless you.
You can't even come unless it's the Holy Spirit drawing you to himself.
That's how much he loves you.
With all your stuff, with everything you know about you, he's drawing you in.
Why?
Because he cares.
I'm gonna look across the bottom section.
Anybody else want to join these?
We're all gonna pray together.
But I don't want to miss anybody.
I want to give everybody as many options I can to say yes.
Anybody else, God bless you.
Thank you.
Father, in the powerful name of Jesus, thank you.
God bless you.
I pray for each one and I pray that you show yourself strong in the behalf that they would come to know you and know your ways.
That they would serve you from this moment on.
And Father, we always don't know how to serve you, but we will learn.
We'll be in church so we can grow and learn and be a part of the body and help serve someone else.
We don't have to be perfect to serve you.
If we did, none of us could serve you.
We just have to be willing.
So bless each one.
Show yourself strong on the behalf that they would really come to know you and know your ways.
Open their eyes of their understanding that they can see the true glorious light of the gospel, and that's Jesus.
What He did, the price He paid.
and how much you love us.
Bless each one in Jesus' name.
If you lifted your hand, I want you to pray this prayer aloud with me right where you seated.
Loud enough for your ears to hear your voice.
If you're right with God, would you join us in support?
Because there was so many.
Would you join us in support of those who lift their hands?
So they're not playing alone and they'll know, man, people supported us.
They're for us.
And maybe you didn't lift your hand, but you should have.
Let me lead you to Christ.
I'm not leading you to legacy.
I'm leading you not to a church.
I'm leading you to Jesus himself.
And he's the head of the church.
Would you pray this pray with me aloud church?
Would you pray God?
I choose to believe in your son Jesus.
And I believe he's your only son.
And you raise them from the dead to give me a new life.
So according to your word, I believe that in my heart.
And now I willingly confess with my mouth, Jesus be Lord of my life.
Thank you for forgiving me.
Thank you for helping me.
Thank you for never giving up on me.
And I pray God that you help me to never give up on you.
in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen and amen.
Let's thank the Lord church.